Copyright.md, before:

All files not mentioned below are the property of Pikadude No. 1 ([personal website](http://pikadudeno1.com); [DeviantArt account](http://pikadudeno1.deviantart.com)) and made available under the terms of the GNU General Public License (see License.txt).

jquery.js is owned by the [jQuery Project](http://jquery.org). See [their licensing information](http://jquery.org/license/).

[velocity.js](http://julian.com/research/velocity/) is owned by Julian Shapiro. See [the project's LICENSE.md](https://github.com/julianshapiro/velocity/blob/master/LICENSE.md).

The contents of the deviantart folder are owned by [DeviantArt](http://www.deviantart.com). They reserve all rights to these images, but it is assumed that their use in a DeviantArt enhancement constitutes fair use.

The contents of the SilkIcons folder are owned by Mark James, and come from [his Silk icons set](http://www.famfamfam.com/lab/icons/silk/). They are made available under the terms of the [Creative Commons Attribution 2.5 License](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.5/).

The Deviant Love heart is of uncertain copyright status - it is drawn by Pikadude No. 1 as a reproduction of a heart owned by DeviantArt. Assuming Pikadude No. 1 owns the copyright, it is also made available under the terms of the GNU General Public License.

Commit message:

Revised Copyright.md now that I understand copyright law better

Copyright.md, after:

All files not mentioned below are the property of Pikadude No. 1 ([personal website](http://pikadudeno1.com); [DeviantArt account](http://pikadudeno1.deviantart.com)) and made available under the terms of the GNU General Public License (see License.txt).

jquery.js is owned by the [jQuery Project](http://jquery.org). See [their licensing information](http://jquery.org/license/).

[velocity.js](http://julian.com/research/velocity/) is owned by Julian Shapiro. See [the project's LICENSE.md](https://github.com/julianshapiro/velocity/blob/master/LICENSE.md).

The contents of the deviantart folder are owned by [DeviantArt](http://www.deviantart.com), and used as fair use.

The contents of the SilkIcons folder are owned by Mark James, and come from [his Silk icons set](http://www.famfamfam.com/lab/icons/silk/). They are made available under the terms of the [Creative Commons Attribution 2.5 License](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.5/).

The Deviant Love heart is a derivative work by Pikadude No. 1 of a heart owned by DeviantArt. The original is used as fair use, and the derivative is also made available under the terms of the GNU General Public License.
